MPORTANT:
1) All software must be under free license.
2) CY8CKIT-042 PSoC® 4 Pioneer Kit is recommended to use. In other cases,
students must provide HW to the lecturer for verification.
3) Estimation will be done in the rate system: whoever delivers the task first will
get the biggest point (students number in group), the last one will get 1 point.
And it will be maximum points. Each mistake in work will decrease these
points. If two or more work will be presented in one day then points will be
decreased as well (I work - maximum points, II work - maximum point minus
1, III work - maximum point minus 2 and so on). Task and report will have
different estimations.
Prohibited:
∙ Wordpress;
∙ Joomla;
General requirements:
The root folder should have next directories if required:
1) 3party - for all third party tools;
2) lib - for libs;
3) build - for generated code, binaries…;
4) ci - for continuous integration scripts;
5) media - for images and video;
6) config - for configuration files;
MVC is the most common architecture design. But the student can use another
approach. It should have strong arguments about props and cons for the used
approach.
Must be used:
∙ Patterns;
∙ Data driven approach;
Dictionary:
Author: andrii.s.spitzer@lpnu.ua
<mark> - must be changed to specific student data without “<>”
DB – database
Test report – list of tests, tests details (steps, input data, and expected data),
status, and coverage
AI – Artificial Intelligence
BEF – both education form
EEF – external education form
FEF – full-time education form
UT – unit tests
i-face – interface
Develop area:
∙ Hardware (HW) and Desktop software (SW)
Game requirements:
The simple games will be used as projects for development (see table#1).
Configuration and state saving should be done using config format from table#1.
Server part should execute on HW. SW as a client.
Menu:
Game should have a menu that allows to configure parameters:
Play modes:
∙ Man vs AI
∙ Man vs Man
∙ AI vs AI:
○ Random move;
○ Win strategy;
Additional points (20) can be earned with implementing AI, based on neural
networks.
Actions:
∙ New;
∙ Save;
∙ Load;
